Long live the emperor long live
May Qianqiu be peaceful
Yongchun for a long time
Forever
Sit flat
Emperor
The concubine wants to take this opportunity to present a new piece of music
This is to add to the fun, but I'm afraid it's not enough to have songs
I have long heard that the original sister is good at dancing
I don't know if we can sacrifice together
What's the matter, my sister's dancing skills are not good
I'm afraid it's not worthy of my sister's situation
Today's banquet is for prayer
If only my song
I'm afraid it can't show the harmony of the harem.
Hasn't this ever been called a dance in my sister's house?
But it's a small family
It seems that the five taboos are not good
Afraid of making a fool of yourself
or
Why do you even push three and four to pray for the emperor's blessing?
Don't talk nonsense
Sister Yuan Ping
You will break the wish of the noble
Don't push it anymore
Lest the time
Cause some undeserved gossip
Forget it, now fight
It's not necessarily a bad thing to block the faint and heavy mouth
It's the concubine who obeys the order
Concubine Rong retired and changed clothes
I knew it wouldn't be that simple.
Since you gave me a chance
Then I'm welcome.
I wish the emperor today every year
There is today
Someone came to take off Yuan Ping's clothes and put them in the cold palace
After listening